(ios): Document WKUrlSchemeTask (#1152)
apache/cordova-docs: www/docs/en/dev/guide/platforms/ios/plugin.md

[CDVPlugin.h][CDVPlugin.h] and [CDVPlugin.m][CDVPlugin.m]
classes for guidance.

### WKURLSchemeTask Hook

> The [WKURLSchemeTask](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkurlschemetask) is an interface Cordovas main WKWebView uses to load files from your apps bundle. You can create your own custom schemes or custom loading code for the webview by implementing the `- (BOOL) overrideSchemeTask: (id <WKURLSchemeTask>)urlSchemeTask` method in a plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [WKURLSchemeTask](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkurlschemetask) is an interface Cordova's main WKWebView uses to load files from your app's bundle. You can create your own custom schemes or custom loading code for the webview by implementing the `- (BOOL) overrideSchemeTask: (id <WKURLSchemeTask>)urlSchemeTask` method in a plugin.
```

Additional native speaker confirmation appreciated 😇
